{'title': 'Amazon.com: HP ENVY x2 12-inch Detachable Laptop with Stylus Pen and 4G LTE, Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Processor, 4 GB RAM, 128 GB flash storage, Windows 10 (12-e091ms, Silver/Blue): Cell Phones & Accessories', 

'price': '\n   \n \n   \n   \n      used from $988.99 \n   \n \n       \n   \n    \n', 

'tech': {'\n                  Screen Size\n                ': '\n              12 inches\n            ', '\n                  Screen Resolution\n                ': '\n              1920 x 1280\n            ', '\n                  Processor\n                ': '\n              2.2 GHz Snapdragon\n            ', '\n                  RAM\n                ': '\n              4 GB\n            ', 
'\n                  Brand Name\n                ': '\n              HP\n            ', 
'\n                  Series\n                ': '\n              3SR51UA#ABA\n            ', '\n                  Item model number\n                ': '\n              3SR51UA#ABA\n            ', '\n                  Item Weight\n                ': '\n              1 pounds\n            ', '\n                  Product Dimensions\n                ': '\n              8.3 x 11.5 x 0.3 inches\n            ', 
'\n                  Item Dimensions  L x W x H\n                ': '\n              8.28 x 11.53 x 0.27 inches\n            ', 
'\n                  Color\n\n                ': '\n              Silver\n            ', 
'\n                  Processor Brand\n                ': '\n              Qualcomm\n            ', '\n                  Batteries\n                ': '\n              1 Lithium ion batteries required. (included)\n            '},

'reviews': '[<div aria-expanded="false" class="a-expander-content a-expander-partial-collapse-content" data-hook="review-collapsed">This is a great device if you know what it is designed for. First think of this as an advanced tablet and not a laptop. The idea is that this competes with something like an iPad Pro. This is not a competitor to a Surface Pro or a Surface Book 2, both of which I own. This device is for those who need extreme portability and battery life, and need to be online at all times. The battery life is amazing. I used it from 7am to 4 Pm and still had over 50% life left and this was on Cellular. The performance is fine for MS Office Suite and web work. I don\'t do photoshop on it, or edit videos. But for all the tools you will need in a client meeting, its excellent. I run between this and my desktop, and my laptop. Its great being always connected. I can grab it and run out and its always fully updated with my latest emails and files synced through One Drive. Do not get this device as a replacement for your high powered notebook or desktop. This is a professional tablet replacement for getting work done on the go when you need the most portable footprint. One thing the reviewers mention is the poor performance in Google Chrome, and that is true. I use Edge and it works great for me, I am heavy into the Microsoft ecosystem (office, one drive, skype, etc), and its clear those applications run better than Chrome.</div>, 
<div aria-expanded="false" class="a-expander-content a-expander-partial-collapse-content" data-hook="review-collapsed">All the mobility of an iPad Pro with all the capabilities of Windows 10. I use a very powerful Laptop for work but I wanted to use Windows 10 at home for light computing activities like watching movies, paying bills, playing casual games etc...<br/>What a value, the tablet with LTE (cellular), keyboard case &amp; pen all included for under $1000 (currently $799 as of June 17th 2018), and 64GB iPad Pro with LTE is $929 with half the storage capacity, without a keyboard &amp; pen. The iPad Pro still doesn’t have mouse support.</div>, 
<div aria-expanded="false" class="a-expander-content a-expander-partial-collapse-content" data-hook="review-collapsed">This is a great device for portability, amazing battery life and best of all, always connected through cellular networks. I love the device for its usage for office applications, web browsing, media etc. I agree that this is not for the gaming or require full blown laptop \\ powerful hardware. These are great devices for its usage</div>]'}